New setting introduced "zowe.featureEnablement" (#4199)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer-api/CHANGELOG.md

- Introduced a `FeatureFlag` class to manage experimental features via toggleable flags. [#3963](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3963)
- Enhanced `DataSetAttributesProvider` to pass raw API response attributes to extenders via the `DsInfo` context object. Extenders can now access the `attributes` field in the context to retrieve data set information without making additional API calls. [#3927](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3927)
- Added `Name` and `DateCreated` to `Sorting.DatasetFilterOpts`. [#4075](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/4075)

> - Added new vs code toggle setting for enabling various features within zowe explorer. [#4242](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4242)

Reviewer: This appears to be a duplicate of the changelog entry in `packages/zowe-explorer`. In addition, I think this changelog entry is best kept in the `zowe-explorer` package, so maybe the `FeatureFlags` change would be a good place for this changelog:

```suggestion
- Added a function `isEnabledInSettings` to the `FeatureFlags` class, which checks VS Code settings to see if a given Zowe Explorer feature ID is enabled. [#4242](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4242)
```
